I am better than Jack in English but not in math, that is his forte.
我的英语比Jack好，但英语就不行了，那是他的专长。

Though polio has practically been wiped out, there have been sporadic cases of the disease.
虽然小儿麻痹症实际上已经彻底消除，但仍有零星的病例发生。

He is rigorous in expenditure.
他对自己的支出非常严格。

The arrow penetrated through the target just in the center.
箭射穿了靶子的中心。

Under no circumstances will I betray my friends.
任何情况下我都不会背叛我的朋友。

The referee was accused of being partial toward the home team.
裁判被指控对主队偏心。

The judge will delay his verdict until he receives medical reports on the offender.
法官将推迟判决，直到收到有关违法者的医疗报告。

We devised a scheme to help him.
我们想出了一个计划来帮助他。

Never put the trivial above the important in doing anything.
无论做任何事情切不可本末倒置。

He had an arrogant tone of voice.
他说话非常傲慢。

By the 1980s, the computer industry was booming.
到20世纪80年代时，计算机行业迅猛发展。

Our society is in a state of flux.
我们的社会在不断演变。

His ardor cooled after only a few weeks.
他的激情仅过了几个星期就冷却了。

They made frantic attempts to revive him.
他们拼命地努力让他苏醒过来。

I have a hazy memory of those early years.
对那些早先的岁月我有着朦胧的记忆。

To keep the cost down, please opt for a basic model.
要想花钱少些，就选择基本的型号。

His team is at the forefront of scientific research into vaccines.
他的小组处于疫苗科研的最前沿。

They reckon their profits are down by at least 20%.
他们估计利润至少下降了20%。

This is a rather swanky restaurant that serves up fine Chinese food at a price.
这是家高档餐厅，中国菜做得相当不错，价钱也不菲。

They colluded with terrorists to overthrow the government.
他们与恐怖分子密谋推翻政府。

The faithful revere him as a prophet.
信徒们尊他为先知。

It was a nifty arrangement.
这是个绝妙的安排。

It's a fully-fledged industry.
这是个成熟的产业。

Wearing a veil, she unveils a commemorative plaque.
她戴着面纱为纪念牌匾揭幕。

That's malicious gossip completely without any substance.
完全没有事实依据的恶意谣言。

He acted as an intermediary in the dispute.
在争端中充当中间人。

They burned down the enemy's depot.
他们烧了敌人的仓库。

More than 20 shops were looted.
有20多家商店遭到了抢劫。

He completed the transformation from newbie to a master.
他完成了从新手到大师的蜕变。

He masqueraded as a doctor and fooled everyone.
他冒充医生骗过了所有人。

It was all highly implausible.
这毫无道理。

It's a spoof on horror movies.
这是对恐怖片的滑稽模仿。

The painting was declared to be a forgery.
这幅画被判定为赝品。

He braked too late, bashing into the car in front.
他刹车太晚，撞上了前面的车。

We put forward a tentative suggestion at the meeting.
在会上我们提出了一个实验性的建议。

His kitchen is full of gadgets he never uses.
他厨房里到处是他从不使用的小器具。

He used to spin yarns about his time in the Army.
他过去经常编造一些有关他在部队时的离奇故事。

The cost is only a fraction of his salary.
那项费用不过是他薪水的一小部分。

The earth rotates on its axis.
地球绕轴自转。

Use ice to reduce the swelling.
用冰敷消肿。

The ship had vanished without a trace.
那艘船消失得无影无踪。

Glaciers are moving rivers of ice.
冰河是犹如河水般流动的巨大冰体。

Don't wobble the desk.
别晃动桌子。

The invention of printing helped the diffusion of learning.
印刷术的发明有助于知识的传播。

When you belittle others, you are actually the one who appears small.
当你轻视他人时，真正渺小的其实是你自己。

I wiped up the coffee spills on the table.
我把洒在桌上的咖啡擦掉。

Why are people sniggering behind my back? It's a serious affair.
为何人们在背后偷偷地笑话我，这可是件严肃的事情。

The road dipped suddenly as we approached the town.
我们快到城里时道路陡然下斜。

The new committee holds its first plenary session this week.
新委员会本周举行第一次全会。

We need to fight our way through the dense vegetation.
我们在茂密的植被中开出一条通路。

His mind could no longer distinguish between illusion and reality.
他的头脑已不再能分清幻觉和现实。

What percentage of eligible voters cast their ballots?
有资格的选民中投票的百分比是多少？

The man is a property magnate, and his company is also a monopoly magnate.
此人是地产大亨，他的公司也是一个垄断巨头。

The jargon they muttered is unintelligible to outsiders.
他们嘀咕的黑话外人根本听不懂。

It covers a wide spectrum of problems.
这里面包含的问题范围很广。

He blurted the answer without any thinking.
他不假思索地说出了答案。

Our society is undergoing a complete transformation.
我们的社会正经历着彻底的变革。

I highly esteem his work.
我非常尊重他的工作。

He has high prestige among the masses.
他在群众中威信很高。

He was released early due to good performance during his detention.
他在关押期间由于表现良好获得提前释放。

Clashes broke out between police and demonstrators.
警方与示威者发生了冲突。

The frigate rammed the submarine.
护卫舰撞击了潜艇。

The country is in dire straits and people are suffering from hunger.
这个国家正处于水深火热之中，人民饱受饥饿之苦。

One of the psychological characteristics of human beings is that they like to demonize their enemies.
人类的心理特征之一就是喜欢妖魔化自己的敌人。

The baby lost balance and tumbled down the stairs.
那个婴儿失去平衡，从楼梯上摔了下来。

She almost choked to death in the thick fumes.
她几乎被浓烟呛死。

They showed no mercy to their hostages.
他们对人质丝毫不讲仁慈。

Children need lots of love and affection.
孩子需要多多疼爱和关怀。

He disgusted many with his boorish behavior.
他以其粗鲁的行为使许多人感到厌恶。

The coolant is under pressure and could scald you.
冷却液在压力作用下可以烫伤你。

He watched her with unremitting attention.
他一直全神贯注地注视着她。

He chartered a jet to fly her home from California to Switzerland.
他包了架喷气式飞机把她从加利福尼亚送回瑞士家里。

He has no right to meddle in her affairs.
他无权干涉她的事情。

Are you suffering from an excess of stress in your life?
你生活中的压力太大吗？

The senator was indicted for murder.
那位参议员被控犯谋杀罪。

This led to his indictment on allegations of conspiracy.
这件事最终使他被控犯有共谋罪。

And surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease and poverty.
不用说，我们的最终目标是根除疾病和贫困。

The tunnel is a brilliant feat of engineering.
这条隧道是工程方面的光辉业绩。

The cost of your uniform will be deducted from your wages.
制服费将从你的工资中扣除。

He is well aware of the enormity of this task.
他深知任务的艰巨性。

She spoke in a husky whisper.
她低沉沙哑地轻声说话。

That guy is in custody awaiting trial.
那家伙已被拘留候审。

He decided to revamp the company's provincial image.
他决心一改公司保守落后的形象。

Share prices plummeted to an all-time low.
股票价格暴跌到历史最低点。

He doesn't know how to blow off his superfluous energy.
他不知如何发泄过剩的精力。

The student took a quick peep at the answer.
那个学生迅速地瞟了一眼答案。

He stalked his victim as she walked home, before attacking and robbing her.
她步行回家时，他偷偷地接近然后下手袭击，并且抢劫了她。

Our company is in full compliance with US labor laws.
我们公司严格遵守美国的各项劳工法。

It will remain an indelible stain on his memory.
这将成为他记忆中一个不可磨灭的污点。

A synopsis is a condensed statement of a narrative or treatise.
概要是记叙文或论文中的一个浓缩的声明。

Gossip and speculation are constantly fed to us by the media.
媒体不断把流言蜚语和猜测臆断灌输给我们。

The tiny rocket is attached to the spacecraft and is designed to propel it toward Mars.
小火箭捆绑在宇宙飞船上，用于推动飞船飞向火星。

All payments are contingent upon satisfactory completion dates.
所有的付款须视是否如期完成而定。

Our volunteer soldiers preferred to remain incognito.
我们的志愿军战士想继续隐姓埋名。

The policy will be detrimental to the peace process.
这项政策将不利于和平进程。

The book is racy rather than obscene.
那本书与其说是猥亵的，倒不如说是活泼的。
