They dealt with a slew of other issues.
他们处理了大量的其他问题。

I cringe when I think of the poems I wrote then.
每当我想起我那时写的诗歌就感到很难堪。

She preached about the benefits of a healthy lifestyle.
她宣扬了健康生活的好处。

This is a feasible scheme.
这是一个切实可行的计划。

The scheme is economically viable.
这个计划从经济效益来看是可行的。

The term covers a wide spectrum of problems.
这个术语包含的问题范围很广。

He was engrossed in his job to the detriment of his health.
他全身心地投入工作结果损害了他的健康。

Grind up the wheat to make flour.
磨碎麦子制成面粉。

He appeared hardly capable of conducting a coherent conversation.
他好像连话都说不清楚。

Their failure to act is indicative of their lack of interest.
他们未采取行动，这表示他们没有兴趣。

Are you adequately insured?
你保够了险吗？

She needed intensive care for several days.
她需要几天的特别护理。

Reading is of vital importance in language learning.
阅读在语言学习中至关重要。

He was flying in formation with seven other jets.
他和其他7架喷气机一起列队飞行。

The two deaf actors converse solely in signing.
两名聋哑演员独自用手语交谈。

Face your problem boldly instead of trying to dodge them.
要勇敢地面对你的问题，不要躲避它们。

The poem conveys his deep reverence for nature.
这首诗表达了他对大自然的深深崇敬之情。

Take a warm bath to soothe tense, tired muscles.
洗个热水澡，让紧张疲劳的肌肉放松一下。

Economic tensions beget political ones.
经济紧张导致政治紧张。

Buying a house can be a very tiresome business.
买房子会是件很麻烦的事。

My mother lives a carefree life in the country.
我的母亲在乡村过着无忧无虑的生活。

My forearm deflected most of the first punch.
我用前臂挡开了第一拳的大部分力道。

This model embodies many new features.
这种型号具有许多新特点。

Eric is clumsy with tools, he has little mechanical aptitude.
Eric不擅长使用工具，他没什么机械方面的才能。

That man is remarkably versatile, he is a sculptor, architect, musician.
那个人多才多艺，他是一位雕刻师、建筑师、音乐家。

I would do anything to induce them to stay.
我会想尽一切办法劝他们留下来。

The enterprise should shoulder unlimited liability.
该企业应该承担无限责任。

Outside the minimum distance, the volume starts to attenuate.
在最小距离之外，音量开始减弱。

The ingress of chloride is the key phenomenon promoting such corrosion.
氯离子的进入是加速此种腐蚀的关键因素。

The discrepancies resulted from different methods of computation.
这些差异是由不同的计算方法造成的。

The countries are contiguous.
这些国家互相接壤。

His enthusiasm was contagious.
他的热情富有感染力。

A garage is useful but dispensable.
汽车房虽然有用，但不必要。

The prospect of growing old fills me with dread. It's dreadful.
想到人会一天天老下去便使我充满恐惧。这感觉真糟糕。

She flashed the young man in the corner a discreet glance.
她向角落里的青年投以谨慎的眼光。

This is prudent finance, not unsound finance.
这是谨慎的理财方法，而不是不健全的理财方法。

War is nasty business, as you shall see. 
战争是肮脏的勾当，就像你将要看到的那样。

The company planned to diminish the cost of production.
公司计划减少生产成本。

She was an exotic creature with long red hair and brilliant green eyes.
她长着红色长发、明亮碧眼，是个少见的大美人。

The wing of the plane showed signs of metal fatigue.
机翼显示出金属疲劳的迹象。

This law will deprive us of our most basic rights.
这条法律将剥夺我们最基本的权利。

These figures seem to correlate.
这些数字看来是相关的。

Surely it is an economic nonsense to deplete the world of natural resources.
耗尽世界的自然资源毋庸置疑是愚蠢的经济行为。

Hospitals were already fully extended because of the epidemic.
这场流行病已使各医院以最大负荷运转。

Whether you like it or not you are a reluctant participant.
不管你喜欢与否，你都是一个不情愿的参与者。

Such interruptions will only hinder our reaching a solution.
这种干扰将会阻碍我们找出解决问题的方法。

Even one drink can impair driving performance.
即使一杯酒也可能影响驾驶操作。

How can we tempt young people into engineering?
我们怎么才能吸引年轻人学习工程学呢？

Nothing could alleviate his distress.
什么都不能减轻他的痛苦。

Shanghai has always been regarded as the epitome of modern China.
上海被认作为现代中国的典型。

It looks like the pictures were being used for blackmail.
这些照片好像被用于敲诈勒索。

We bought the house on a whim.
我们一时冲动买了这所房子。

The firm is too small to contend against large international companies.
这家公司太小，无法与国际性的大公司竞争。

She has neglected her studies.
她忽视了自己的学习。

There is a negligible difference in meaning between these two words.
这两个词之间在意思上差别是极小的。

Concealment of evidence is against the law.
隐藏证据是违法的。

You will have to beat the old man into obedience.
你得强迫那老头服从。

She is a remarkably adroit and determined politician.
她是一位异常精明果断的政治家。

The police quickly identified the real culprits.
警方很快查出了真正的罪犯。

Sometimes reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
有时候现实和幻想很难区分。

Their scam was selling fake Chinese medicine to old people.
他们的骗局是卖假中药给老人。

The tome was over a century old.
这部巨著已超过百年。

All traffic in the city came to a complete halt.
整个城市的交通全部停止。

It is rare to find a prominent politician with few political enemies.
没有什么政敌的杰出从政者是罕见的。

Women have become more assertive in the past decade.
女性在过去十年中已变得更加自信。

We all start with preconceived notions of what we want from life.
我们开始时都对自己想从生活中得到什么抱有一些预想。

He showed a propensity for violence.
他表现出暴力倾向。

He made a speech about his discourse.
他就他的论文发表一篇演讲。

He breaks out of his normal reticence and tells me the whole story.
他打破了平时一贯沈默寡言的习惯，把事情原原本本都告诉了我。

He accepted the award with characteristic modesty.
他以他一贯的谦逊态度接受了奖励。

She made no attempt to disguise her surprise.
她毫不掩饰自己的惊奇。

His enthusiasm was contagious.
他的热情富有感染力。

He may abstain or even vote to make abortion illegal.
他可能弃权，尤有甚者投票支持堕胎违法。

Even with an uptick, the results were still slightly behind analysts estimates.
虽然利润小幅上涨，但结果仍然略低于分析师的预期。

The water shortage in this country is potentially catastrophic.
这个国家的水资源匮乏可能会带来灾难性的后果。

They didn't rule out coalition with the Social Democrats.
他们不排除与社会民主党人结盟的可能性。

This was an exceedingly difficult decision to take.
作这个决定非常地难。

There was no bombast or conceit in his speech.
他的演讲并没有夸大其词和自吹自擂。

Many soldiers returned with a deep loathing of war.
许多士兵回来时对战争都深恶痛绝。

The economy is in tatters.
经济已千疮百孔。

The wreck is lying at the bottom of the sea.
沉船躺在海底。

The liner was in dock for major repairs.
客轮停在船坞里大修。

A crane had to be used to haul the car out of the stream.
只好用了起重机，才将轿车从河里拖出来。

A radical overhaul of the tax system is necessary.
有必要彻底改革税制。

The river glittered in the sunlight.
阳光下河面波光粼粼。

She glared at him accusingly.
她用责备的目光瞪着他。

He gazed up at her with huge brown eyes.
他睁着棕色的大眼睛盯着她。

We did not realize the magnitude of the problem.
我们没有意识到这个问题的重要性。

You're in terrific shape and feeling better every day.
你每天是处在极好的状态和更好的感觉中。

The beauty of the city consists in its magnificent buildings.
这座城市的美就在于它那些宏伟的建筑。

In big cities neon lights flare late into night.
大城市霓虹灯闪耀至深夜。

She had a healthy glow in her cheeks.
她脸上泛着健康的红晕。

Flames quickly engulfed the building.
火焰很快吞噬了大楼。

His treatment of his children is beneath contempt.
他对待自己子女的那种行径为人所不齿。

I can never, ever forgive him. I despise him.
我永远不会原谅他。我鄙视他。

She scorned their views as old-fashioned.
她对他们的观点嗤之以鼻，认为陈腐过时。

The campfire smouldered for hours after the blaze died out.
营火在火焰熄灭后闷烧了好几个小时。

They threatened to tow away my car.
他们威胁要拖走我的车。

There are fears that the casualty toll may be higher.
有人担心伤亡总数可能会更高。

The pain was almost too great to endure.
痛苦得几乎难以忍受。
