We met in a little eatery just off the main road.
我们在主要道路旁的小餐馆见面。

The bridge is reinforced with huge steel girders.
这座桥用巨大的钢梁加固了。

It takes time to build up intimacy.
建立亲密关系是需要时间的。

The emperor's importance as a seminal figure of history won't be diminished.
做为一个开创性历史人物的重要性是不会减弱的。

We can tolerate them even if they are fastidious girls, don't you think so?
我们可以容忍他们即使是挑剔的女孩，你不这样想吗？

The connotation of education ethic is rooted in human nature's mobility.
教育伦理的内涵根源于人本性的变动性。

Skyrocketing prices testify to the depth of the inflation.
飞涨的物价说明了通货膨胀的严重程度。

It's a novel about a quest to erase poverty.
这是一本探索消灭贫穷的小说。

He has forfeited his right to be taken seriously.
他被取消了需要认真对待的权利。

Set aside some time alone to contemplate. It may strike you on a very deep level.
留出些时间独自沉思吧，沉思可能会让你进入到十分深的层次。

He spent most of his speech rebutting criticisms of his foreign policy.
他讲演的大部分时间都在反驳对他外交政策的批评。

He's ignorant about modern technology.
他对现代科技一无所知。

He refused to give in to bullying and threats.
他拒不向恐吓威逼势力让步。

The mendacious beggar told a different tale of woe at every house.
撒谎的乞丐对每间房子的主人说了不同的悲伤故事。

Politicians like to pontificate about falling standards.
政客喜欢自以为是地谈论废弃的标准。

It's a devastating and barbaric act that defies all comprehension.
这种行为野蛮凶残、令人震惊，简直是不可理喻。

It's kind of creepy down in the cellar!
地窖里真令人有点不寒而栗！

The department was swamped with job applications.
面对纷至沓来的求职申请，这个部门疲于应对。

The Chinese revolution has followed a long and tortuous course.
中国革命走过了漫长而曲折的道路。

He opined that the navy would have to start again from the beginning.
他认为海军将不得不再度从零开始。

We often fail to realize the disparities in personal characteristics.
我们常常没能意识到个性特点的差异。

Infectious diseases can be acquired in several ways.
传染病的感染途径有几种。

Money and food were sent to the impoverished drought victims.
给贫困的灾民送去了救济金和粮食。

Millions will face starvation next year as a result of the drought.
由于发生旱灾，明年将有数百万人面临饥饿的威胁。

China has registered a protest over foreign intervention.
中国对外国干涉正式提出了抗议。

The balance of payments was in surplus last year.
去年国际收支有盈余。

Promptness for meetings is common courtesy.
及时来开会是常见的礼貌。

The program will prompt you to enter data where required.
这个程序在必要时将提醒你输入数据。

They arrived promptly at two o'clock.
他们于两点钟准时到达。

Such initiative is highly commendable.
这种积极性是很可贵的。

I'm sorry to intrude, but I need to talk to someone.
对不起打扰了，不过我得找人有话要说。

His speech is full of platitude.
他的讲话充满了陈词滥调。

The connotation of education ethic is rooted in human nature's mobility.
教育伦理的内涵根源于人本性的变动性。

Some people have a morbid fascination with crime.
一些人对犯罪有一种病态的痴迷。

She understood the importance of establishing a close rapport with clients.
她懂得与客户建立密切和谐的关系的重要性。

Why did you streak the tree?
你为什么在树上刻条纹？

A spectator threw the ball back to the players.
一个观众把球掷回给球员。

In spite of great peril, I have survived.
虽然处境非常危险，我还是挺过来了。

Only a small amount of the rainwater actually infiltrates into the soil.
实际上只有少量雨水渗进了土壤。

We can speculate that the stone circles were used in some sort of pagan ceremony.
我们可以推测，这些石头排成的圆圈是用于某种异教崇拜仪式的。

They need some courteous help.
她们需要得到一些有礼貌的帮助。

I must tell you how much I sympathize with you for your loss, Professor.
教授，我对您遭受的损失深表同情。

His only form of recreation is playing football.
他唯一的娱乐就是踢足球。

And people are very resistant to ideas, and rightly so.
然而人们对新想法往往采取抵抗的态度，这也有一定道理。

What is certain is that drastic changes are always catastrophic.
可以确定的一点是：极端而激烈的改革总是会造成灾难性的后果。

The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a large multinational.
这是一家大型跨国企业的全资子公司。

The blood vessels may leak fluid, which distorts vision.
血管可能会渗漏，造成视力模糊。

The decision will leave her in a peculiar predicament.
这个决定会让她处于尴尬的境地。

I mouthed some sympathetic platitudes.
我言不由衷地说了一些表示同情的客套话。

I didn't have a ready answer for this dilemma.
我没有想出解决这个困境的现成答案。

Plainly, a more objective method of description must be adopted.
显而易见，必须采用更为客观的描述方法。

It is unrealistic to believe perfection is an attainable goal.
相信完美可以企及是不现实的。

A vein of satirical anger runs through all his work.
带有讽刺的忿怒情绪贯串他这部作品。

The artist asked his model to take a recline posture.
画家要求模特儿取斜倚著的姿势。

This book is likely to deprave youngsters.
这本书可能会使青少年堕落。

The sun was relentless.
太阳还是那么热。

His behaviour was an evasion of his responsibilities as a father.
他的行为是逃避为父之责。

Gradually factory workers have been displaced by machines.
工厂的工人已逐渐被机器取代。

Demonstrators succeeded in disrupting the meeting.
示威者成功地扰乱了会议。

The secretary ushered me into his office.
秘书把我领进他的办公室。

The gilding is extremely lavish.
这层镀金极为奢华。

He makes a fetish of his work.
他迷上了他的工作。

She looked after her ailing father.
她照顾有病的父亲。

He became even more resolute in his opposition to the plan.
他更加坚决地反对这个计划。

Interest rates could fall soon and be a stimulus to the US economy.
利率可能很快就会下调，从而刺激美国经济。

She ridiculed his insatiable greed.
她嘲笑他的贪得无厌。

There will be rich and poor for all eternity.
贫富将永远存在。

She was wary of getting involved with him.
她唯恐和他有牵连。

The machine can shred all kinds of vegetables.
这台机器可将各种蔬菜切丝切碎。

It has also the right to summon witnesses under oath.
它还拥有传唤证人并让他们宣誓说真话的权利。

He will be inaugurated President in January.
他将于一月份就任总统。

The interior of the church was plain and simple.
教堂内部朴素无华。

The exterior cold had stolen into the car.
外部的寒冷已不知不觉地侵入车内。

He received a flood of letters from irate constituents.
他收到愤怒的选区居民洪水般涌来的信件。

Caffeine is the active constituent of drinks such as tea and coffee.
咖啡因是茶、咖啡之类饮品中的活性成分。

It was ludicrous to think that the plan could succeed.
认为此计划会取得成功是荒唐的。

He describes his book as a homage to his father.
他说他的书是献给父亲的。

The first trial was a parody of justice.
第一次审判是对正义的愚弄。

I resent his interference in my work.
我讨厌他干预我的工作。

He was weaned on a diet of rigid discipline and duty.
他自幼受到严格纪律和职责的约束。

Nothing can extenuate such appalling behaviour.
这种骇人听闻的行径罪无可恕。

He got himself into a frightful muddle.
他把自己卷进了一个不可收拾的乱摊子。

I don't know what all the fuss is about.
我不知道为什么要这样大惊小怪的。

You pathetic creature.
你这可怜的家伙。

A little forward planning at the outset can save you a lot of expense.
一开始就为未来作点打算能节约很多开支。

The advent of war led to a greater austerity.
战争的到来使形势更为严峻。

His concentration lapsed after a few minutes.
几分钟后他的注意力就下降了。

The rocket then took a lateral course straight for the moon.
然后，火箭从侧面的路线直飞到月球。

They are orthodox jews.
他们是正统的犹太教徒。

The statistics to prove or disprove his hypothesis will take years to collect.
收集数据来证明他的假设是否成立要花上数年的时间。

His reasoning is based on the premise that all people are equally capable of good and evil.
他的推理是以人可以为善亦可以为恶为前提的。

His parents were very affluent.
他的父母很富裕。

One example will suffice to illustrate the point.
举一个例子就足以说明这一点。

He didn't know how to blow off his superfluous energy.
他不知如何发泄过剩的精力。

The production group has overfulfilled the quota today.
今天，这个生产小组超额完成了定额。

If the item is not satisfactory, you will get your money back.
东西不满意，可以退款。

Before starting, he made an inventory of everything that was to stay.
开始之前，他把所有要留下的东西列了详细的清单。

The discrepancy in their ages seemed not to matter.
他们之间年龄的差异似乎没有多大关系。

She is about to embark on a diplomatic career.
她即将开始外交生涯。

The subjects of the curriculum form a coherent whole.
课程中的科目构成了一个连贯的整体。

Managing money is both trivial and troublesome.
理财是一件琐杂而又麻烦的事。

Is she prepared to give evidence on oath?
她愿意宣誓据实作证吗？

The staff has been slightly augmented.
人员略有增补。

There are lofty mountains around my hometown.
故乡到处都是巍峨的群山。

Amid the chaos, he had lofty aims.
尽管身处混乱之中，他却怀有崇高的目标。

A family of elephants lumbered by.
一群大象迈着缓慢而沉重的步子从旁边经过。
