They're trying to show clean, wholesome, decent movies.
他们尽量播放文明、健康、正派的电影。

She was a short, sturdy woman in her early sixties.
她是个60岁出头、身材矮小结实的女人。

She invoked several eminent scholars to back up her argument.
她援引了几位赫赫有名的学者来支持她的论点。

I'd think you'd want to stop living such a sham.
我以为你不想再这么伪装下去。

She used low cunning to get what she wanted.
她用了卑鄙的欺诈手段来获取她想得到的东西。

All the sharp corners were padded with foam.
所有的棱角都垫上了泡沫塑料。

The President's visit was intended to cement the alliance between the two countries.
总统的访问是为了加强两国的联盟。

We were accused of being militant left-wingers.
我们被人指责是好战的左翼分子。

The army has decided not to segregate men and women during training.
部队决定训练时不把男女分开。

This mousetrap is an ingenious device.
这个捕鼠器是一件精巧的装置。

In this part, you need to formulate in detail repatriate the plan.
在这一部分，你需要制定详细的归国计划。

She's very ingenious when it comes to finding excuses.
她很善于找借口。

I scraped the side of my car on the wall.
我车的一侧被墙刮了。

It won't make a scrap of difference.
这不会有丝毫的差别。

Her health was adversely affected by the climate.
那种气候损害了她的健康。

She left the room abruptly without explanation.
她未作解释就突然离开了房间。

We played games to relieve the tedium of the journey.
我们玩游戏，来解除旅行的沉闷。

The spectators were wilting visibly in the hot sun.
看得出观众在炎热的阳光下快支撑不住了。

Even though I'm quite a reserved person, I like meeting people.
我虽然性格极为内敛，但喜欢和人接触。

The trial was adjourned following the presentation of new evidence to the court.
新证据呈到庭上后，审讯就宣告暂停。

Even one drink can impair driving performance.
即使一杯酒也可能影响驾驶操作。

They are among the unsung heroes of our time.
他们是我们这个时代的无名英雄。

The new management is assuring its patron of its best effort and hospitality.
新的管理组织将保证为顾客提供最优质的服务。

Beneath the gloss of success was a tragic private life.
在成功的外表下面却隐藏着悲惨的私人生活。

A note of hysteria crept into her voice.
她的声音听来有点歇斯底里。

She stood there and surveyed the spectacle.
她站在那儿，看着这壮观的景象。

Here the window plays a prominent part in the design.
这里窗户在设计中起着非常重要的作用。

With a firm grip on my hand, he pulled me away.
他紧握我的手把我拉开。

Try and entice the child to eat by offering small portions of their favourite food.
给孩子少许爱吃的食物，设法诱使他们吃饭。

We had to incorporate the company for tax reasons.
由于纳税的原因，我们不得不把那家公司合并了。

He may abstain or even vote to make abortion illegal.
他可能弃权，尤有甚者投票支持堕胎违法。

Abstinence can make you a better lover.
节制可以使你成为一个更好的爱人。

The moon was waning, and each day it rose later.
月亮渐亏，每天出现的时间也越来越晚。

The drug should only be used under medical supervision.
这种药须遵医嘱方可使用。

For some unfathomable reason, there are no stairs where there should be.
不知什么原因，本该有楼梯的地方却没有。

He had the ear of the monarch.
他在君主那里说得上话。

The area's wine industry still has a way to go to full maturity.
这个地区的葡萄酒业还远远没有完全成熟。

They discussed ways of stemming the flow of smuggled drugs.
他们讨论了遏制走私毒品流通的办法。

After being put out, service has received very good market repercussion.
服务推出后收到了非常好的市场反响。

The subjects of the curriculum form a coherent whole.
课程中的科目构成了一个连贯的整体。

Now, I do realize that physicians are fallible human beings.
现在，我也知道医生是会犯错误的人。

The President has great personal charisma.
总统具有超凡的个人魅力。

It might mean putting yourself in the way of serendipity, but that is not exactly luck.
它可能意味着机缘凑巧，但这并不是真正意义上的运气。

There was a serendipitous second advantage working with a library of equations.
利用方程库有个意外收获的附带好处。

He seemed unusually attuned to people's feelings.
他似乎特别善解人意。

You are so absurdly bashful.
你腼腆的那么可笑。

The signature was attested by two witnesses.
这个签名有两名见证人。

The party thereby lays itself open to charges of conflict of interest.
该党因此难免被人指责有利益冲突。

Thereafter, the military remained the locus of real power.
自此之后，军方一直掌握着实权。

She must be 25 or thereabouts.
她肯定在25岁上下。

Her casual dismissal of the threats seemed irresponsible.
她对这些威胁毫不在乎而不予理会，似乎很不负责任。

It was hard to reconcile his career ambitions with the needs of his children.
他很难兼顾事业上的抱负和孩子们的需要。

He is arguably the best actor of his generation.
按理他是他那一代中最优秀的演员。

There was a touch of sarcasm in her voice.
她的话音中有点儿讥讽的意味。

I squashed him with a sarcastic remark.
我说了一句讽刺的话把他给镇住了。

The prince's manner was informal, without a trace of pomposity.
王子的态度平易谦和，没有一点傲气。

We live further down on the opposite side of the road.
我们住在马路对面再远一点的地方。

She made a terrible blunder when introducing the girl to her husband.
她把那个女孩介绍给她丈夫是犯了一个极大的错误。

Salt water is much more conductive than fresh water is.
盐水比淡水的传导性强得多。

Ordinarily, people in my country don't talk about that.
一般来说，我们国家的人不会谈那个话题。

He needs to feign concern, even if he's not.
即使不关心也要假装很关心。

He asked to see the amended version.
他要求看修订本。

He would often reminisce about his first experience of the sea.
他经常回忆他的第一次航海经历。

He has a talent for recollection and anecdote.
他在记忆力和讲述趣闻轶事方面颇具天赋。

And surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease and poverty.
不用说，我们的最终目标是根除疾病和贫困。

The silence of the night was punctuated by the distant rumble of traffic.
夜晚的宁静不时被远处车辆的隆隆声打断。

They haven't yet decided how to divvy up the proceeds from the sale.
他们还没决定如何分配销售收入。

As a hub of finance and communications, Paris is now almost equal to London.
作为一个金融和交通中心，巴黎现在几乎可媲美伦敦。

The metro is efficient and spotlessly clean.
地铁非常快捷，而且一尘不染。

The clamor of traffic has receded to a distant murmur.
车辆的喧闹声已渐渐远去，变得模糊起来。

We can construct a reasonable, justifiable speech mechanism of law according to it.
从实践理性角度，人们可以建构一个合理性的正当的法律的话语机制。

They feared a backlash against the new laws.
他们害怕人们会强烈抵制新法律。

Before starting, he made an inventory of everything that was to stay.
开始之前，他把所有要留下的东西列了详细的清单。

Here the window plays a prominent part in the design.
这里窗户在设计中起着非常重要的作用。

You may have sensory conflict that can make you feel queasy.
感觉方面的冲突会让你觉得恶心。

I waft a stop next stop like a kite gone with the wind.
我在一站又一站的地方飘荡象一只随风而去的风筝。

They were whipping up nationalist frenzy among the excitable crowds.
他们正在容易激动的人群中煽起民族的狂热。

The war was protracted for four years.
战争拖延了四年。

Rates are higher for deluxe accommodations.
豪华间收费较高。

Would you take some complimentary drink while waiting?
等菜时给您上点免费的饮料好吗？

The discovery was incidental to their main research.
这一发现是他们主要研究中的附带收获。

You get a big salary incentive and free board and lodging too.
你们能获得大笔激励性薪水，还可享受免费膳宿。

The world's students may aspire to work for Google, which is their aspiration.
全世界的学生可能都渴望为谷歌工作，这是他们的理想抱负。

For your safety, never tamper with these systems.
为了您的安全,请勿篡改这些系统。

Lazy and incompetent police officers are letting the public down.
懒惰兼无能的警官令公众失望。

We hope to prevent anything unpleasant from happening.
我们希望防止任何不愉快的事发生。

What he felt was more akin to pity than love.
他感受到的更像怜悯，而不是爱。

Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?
那你何不用你神圣的感化力把我们弄出去？

Many over 30s feel stuck in a financial rut.
很多超过30岁的人都觉得自己的经济状况很难有所改变。
