His skin was cleft with deep lines.
他的皮肤布满深深的皱纹。

The problem with many modern buildings is that they lack personality.
许多现代建筑物的问题在于缺乏特色。

He soon regretted his hasty decision to get married.
他很快就后悔轻率地做出结婚的决定。

What prompted you to buy that suit?
什么原因让你买下了。

Only a few apartments were still vacant.
只有几套公寓仍然空着。

He was short and thin, with hollow eyes.
他又矮又瘦，双眼凹陷。

He was determined not to let anything detract from his enjoyment of the trip.
他下决心这次旅行不让任何事情影响他的兴致。

A thesaurus is a useful aid to writing well.
同义词词典是写好文章的一个有益助手。

His comic dialogues are jocose and jocular, thought-provoking.
他的小品诙谐，逗乐，发人深省。

Why did you streak the tree?
你为什么在树上刻条纹？

The large lamplit room was murky with woodsmoke.
木柴冒出的烟把亮着灯的大房间弄得烟雾弥漫。

The terror ended when armed police swooped on the car.
武警突袭了这辆车从而制止了这起恐怖活动。

An intelligent and incisive critique of our society.
关于我们社会的一篇判断正确、观察敏锐的评论文章。

He finds it very difficult to articulate his distress.
他感到很难表达清楚自己的痛苦。

She is an articulate young woman.
她是一个口才很好的年轻女子。

She was in a talkative mood.
她滔滔不绝，话兴正浓。

You are the solitary wayfarer in this deserted street.
在这冷寂的街上，你是孤独的行人。

The press group, unusually subdued, drifted away.
记者们很少这样克制过，都悄悄地走了。

He sat there deep in contemplation.
他坐在那里沉思着。

Their jargon is impenetrable to an outsider.
他们的行话外人听不懂。

He's a real genius but he has difficulty verbalizing his ideas.
他确实是个天才，可是难以用语言表达他的思想。

He has an impeccable sense of timing.
他有着无可挑剔的节奏感。

There are delicious, happy sniffs and scrumptious snacks to share.
有着妙不可言，令人心醉神迷的香气，以及美味无比的点心与你分享。

The news left her dumbfounded.
这消息把她惊呆了。

A pilot must remain vigilant at all times.
飞行员必须随时保持警惕。

Second, they may indulge in it, thus dilapidate their study, which isn't rare.
其次，他们会沉迷其中以致荒废了学习，这是不罕见。

However, hedging in business letters is a common phenomenon.
但是在商务信函中使用模糊限制语却是一个普遍现象。

She waved vaguely in the direction of the house.
她含糊地朝房子的方向挥了挥手。

I lead a pretty mundane existence.
我过着相当平淡的生活。

Anxiety has become emblematic of the current generation of college students.
焦虑已经成为当代大学生的一种标志。

We do not want any extraneous information on the page.
我们不希望这一页上有任何无关的信息。

The contraction of muscles uses energy and releases heat.
肌肉的收缩消耗能量并且释放热量。

She ridiculed his insatiable greed.
她嘲笑他的贪得无厌。

Spending on books has been severely curtailed.
购书开支已被大大削减。

It's undoubtedly one of the most surreal movies ever made.
这无疑是有史以来最离奇的电影之一。

It's a work full of paradox and ambiguity.
这部作品充满了似非而是及模棱两可之处。

It was difficult to gauge whether she was angry or not.
很难判断她是否在生气。

Death was almost instantaneous.
当时生命垂危。

Gambling is always coupled with degradation.
赌博总是与堕落相联系。

A pilot must remain vigilant at all times.
飞行员必须随时保持警惕。

The onus is on employers to follow health and safety laws.
雇主有义务遵行健康安全法。

It's easy to criticize with the benefit of hindsight.
事后明白了再评价，这自然容易。

The sun beat relentlessly down on his aching head.
太阳无情地照射在他那发痛的头上。

The connotation of education ethic is rooted in human nature's mobility.
教育伦理的内涵根源于人本性的变动性。

Any deviation from the party's faith is seen as betrayal.
任何对党的信仰的偏离被视作背叛。

To give the devil his due, he is quite a conscientious worker.
平心而论，他工作还是认真的。

We do not want any extraneous information on the page.
我们不希望这一页上有任何无关的信息。

We need to make a concerted effort to finish on time.
我们需要通力合作才能按时完成。

It is possible for us to outstrip the advanced countries in the world.
我们能超过世界上先进的国家。

I squashed him with a sarcastic remark.
我说了一句讽刺的话把他给镇住了。

These myths have a startling likeness to one another.
这些神话彼此间有惊人的相似性。

Ukraine, meanwhile, has been beset by political turbulence, with the country split on Nato membership.
同时，乌克兰藉着政治上的喧嚣围攻，藉由在北大西洋公约组织全体会员上的国家分歧。

I realized I had to surmount the language barrier.
我意识到我不得不克服语言障碍。

These are perilous times. They are also historic times.
这是危险的时代，也是具有历史意义的时代。
