The impolite act violates the basic rules of etiquette.
这种不礼貌的举动违反了基本的礼仪规则。

A mode of this kind does not need disruptive "big bang" changes at all.
这个模式根本不需要会引起混乱的大改动。

I was treated with the utmost courtesy by the staff.
我受到了工作人员极有礼貌的接待。

He expressed his condolences to the families of the people who died in the incident.
他向这次事件中的死者家属表示了慰唁。

End your speech with an attitude, not a platitude.
用一种有力的态度结束你的演讲，而不是用那些陈词滥调。

Don't waste your sympathy on scum like that.
对这样的渣滓你没必要同情。

We had to incorporate the company for tax reasons.
由于纳税的原因，我们不得不把那家公司合并了。

He was a man of decisive action and an adventurous disposition.
他是一个行动果断又爱冒险的人。

Impelling supervision is necessary measure of administrative ethic construction.
强有力的监督是行政伦理建设的重要保证。

I admire his passionate belief in what he is doing.
我佩服他对自己的工作所抱的坚定信心。

His honesty has never been called into question.
他的诚实从未受到过怀疑。

Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real.
骄傲让我们变得做作，谦卑让我们变得真实。

He was weaned on a diet of rigid discipline and duty.
他自幼受到严格纪律和职责的约束。

Like most other American companies with a rigid hierarchy, workers and managers had strictly defined duties.
和其他多数拥有严格等级制度的美国公司一样，这里的工人和管理人员都有界定严格的职责。

After being put out, service has received very good market repercussion.
服务推出后收到了非常好的市场反响。

To some people the monarchy is simply an anachronism.
对有的人来说，君主立宪制就完全不合时宜。

The nobles tried to limit the powers of the autocrat without success.
贵族企图限制专制君主的权力，但没有成功。

Different empathy training method of child gender effects are different.
不同的换位思考训练方法对幼儿性别的影响也是有差异的。

The grand design of Europe's monetary union is already agreed.
欧洲统一货币的宏伟构想已经获得认同。

He was elected to power on the strength of his charisma.
他凭借其个人魅力而当选掌权。

She denies obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception.
她否认通过欺骗手段获得经济利益。

Lewis emerges as a composer of distinction and sensitivity.
刘易斯作为一位悟性很高的优秀作曲家崭露头角。

He has the aspiration to earn a lot of money.
他渴望赚很多钱。

Ordinarily, she wouldn't have bothered arguing with him.
一般而言，她懒得跟他理论。

They tried to reassure her, but she still felt anxious.
他们设法让她放心，可她还是焦虑不安。

She made a terrible blunder when introducing the girl to her husband.
她把那个女孩介绍给她丈夫是犯了一个极大的错误。

Vodka has acquired an upscale image in the US.
伏特加在美国已树立起高档商品的形象。

Many of the houses lacked even basic amenities.
很多房屋甚至缺少基本的生活设施。

To the attentive eye, each moment of the year has its own beauty.
对于细心的人来说，一年四季都有它自己的美。

The spacious kitchen was achieved by knocking together three small rooms.
这个宽敞的厨房是由3个小屋子打通连成的。

Here is your opportunity to acquire a luxurious one bedroom home.
现在正是购买一套豪华一居室住房的机会。

He is the poster child for incompetent government.
他是无能政府的典型人物。

He's got this fixation with cleanliness.
他有洁癖。

He won't resign because he's not a quitter.
他不会辞职的，因为他不是一个轻言放弃的人。

Would you take some complimentary drink while waiting?
等菜时给您上点免费的饮料好吗？

The meeting is incidental to the main talks, which start tomorrow.
该会是次要的，明天开的会是主要的。

The discovery was incidental to their main research.
这一发现是他们主要研究中的附带收获。

He would often reminisce about his first experience of the sea.
他经常回忆他的第一次航海经历。

He has a talent for recollection and anecdote.
他在记忆力和讲述趣闻轶事方面颇具天赋。

I admired my father, and his work filled me with awe and curiosity.
我很钦佩父亲，并对他的工作充满了敬畏和好奇。

He survived the massacre by feigning death.
他装死才在大屠杀中死里逃生。

Their decision was based on ignorance and prejudice.
他们的决定是由于无知和偏见。

The differences between the two sides involve major matters of principle.
双方的分歧涉及一些重大原则性问题。
