Woe betides anyone who gets in her way.
谁挡住她的路谁就会遭殃。

Each chapter is referenced, citing literature up to 2004.
每一章都附有参考书目，引用文献近至2004年。

Meanwhile, protectionism continues its rise in insidious ways.
与此同时，保护主义正以各种阴险的形式继续抬头。

Most religions posit the existence of life after death.
大多数宗教都假定人死后生命仍存在。

Do not leave your seat until the plane is airborne.
飞机升空时不要离开座位。

The car is in pristine condition.
这辆汽车是全新的。

The water swirled down the drain.
水打着旋流进了下水道。

He had an aversion to getting up early.
他十分讨厌早起。

He has an impulsive nature.
他生性冲动。

They were the victims of a cruel hoax.
他们成了一大骗局的上当受骗者。

In conclusion, the purport of the paper and its questions.
结语，论文主旨和存疑问题。

She purports to represent the whole group.
她自称代表整个团体。

It is dangerous to inhale poisonous gas.
吸入有毒气体是危险的。

The play was a cross between a farce and a tragedy.
这出戏把闹剧和悲剧交织为一体。

She had only a vague notion of what might happen.
对于可能发生的事她只有一个模糊的概念。

People often equate success in life with the ability of operating computer.
人们常把人生的成功与使用计算机的能力相等同。

He has refrained from criticizing the government in public.
他克制住了自己，没有在公开场合批评政府。

Rosa's constant refrain is that she doesn't have a life.
罗莎总是重复的一句话就是她没有像样的生活。

Don't desert me in my hour of need in the desert.
沙漠里不要在我困难的时候离开我。

His words gave great offence/offense to everybody present.
他的话冒犯了所有在场的人。

Create the right ambiance/atmosphere when you do the work.
工作时创造一个良好的氛围。

The minority is subordinate to the majority.
少数服从多数。

She is vain about her looks, so proud and arrogant.
她对自己的外貌颇为自负，骄傲且自大。

The aircraft landed on the adjacent runway.
飞机在临近的跑道上降落。

I couldn't disguise my disappointment.
我无法掩饰自己的失望。

Little children romped happily in the garden.
小孩子们在花园里嬉戏。

He had a well-developed sense of his own superiority.
他的个人优越感十足。

He's only 17 and therefore not eligible to vote.
他只有17岁，因此没有投票选举的资格。

The quality of the food here has dropped a notch recently.
这里的饭菜质量最近下降了一级。

His horse fell at the final hurdle.
他骑的马在最后一个跨栏倒下了。

You will be liable for any damage caused.
你必须对造成的任何损失负赔偿责任。

The enterprise should shoulder unlimited liability.
该企业应该承担无限责任。

The sound was magnified by the high roof.
高高的屋顶使声音更响亮。

Sam stood his ground and got a blow that stunned him.
萨姆站在原地，被一下打昏了。

Try to catch the elusive charm of the original in translation. 
翻译时要设法把握住原文中难以捉摸的风韵。

There was a signpost where the two paths converged.
两条小路的相交处有一路标。

I have an ethical and moral obligation to my client.
我对我的当事人负有道义上的责任。

He apportioned the land among members of the family.
他把土地分给了家里人。

Most people found him an awful nuisance.
大多数人觉得他是个极讨厌的人。

They told us the dreadful news.
他们告诉了我们那糟糕透顶的消息。

We interrupt this programme to bring you an important news bulletin.
我们暂停本节目，插播重要新闻。

Progress is neither proclamation nor palaver.
进步不是宣言，也不是空谈。

He made the announcement in a speech on television.
他在一次电视讲话中发表了这一声明。

The business seems legit.
这笔生意看起来是合法的。

Form the dough into balls with your hands.
用手把生面团揉成一些球团。

He will make his debut for the first team this week.
本周他将在第一支出场的队伍中首次亮相。

She is a skeptic about the dangers of global warming.
她是全球变暖危险的怀疑论者。

This kind of questioning can be very intimidating to children.
这种问话的方式可能让孩子们非常害怕。

The meeting ended on an upbeat note.
会议在乐观的气氛中结束。

She deprecates changing the party's policy.
她不赞成改变党的方针。

Shares continued to depreciate on the stock markets today.
今日股市股价继续下跌。

There's a substantial divergence of opinion within the party.
党内存在着重大的意见分歧。

The discrepancies resulted from different methods of computation.
这些差异是由不同的计算方法造成的。

He is an aristocrat to the very marrow of his bones.
他是一个道道地地的贵族。

Historians can't estimate the date with any precision.
历史学家无法准确估算这个日期。

She closely resembled her mother at the same age.
她与她母亲在相同的年龄时长相酷似。

The winners will each receive a voucher for a pair of cinema tickets.
获胜者每人将会获得两张电影票的代金券。

A decent dressing at the first meeting will get on one's good side.
第一次见面时得体的衣着会给人留下好印象。

Much obliged for your assistance.
对您的帮助我不胜感激。

He also brought an auxiliary engine with him.
他还带了一个辅助的发电机。

This is an impetuous era, a lost era.
这是一个浮躁的时代，又是一个迷失的时代。

Such instances are ubiquitous.
这类事例俯拾即是。

Some of his suggestions verged on the outrageous.
他的一些建议都快到了荒唐的地步。

They are deprived of the ability to exercise the most rudimentary workers' rights. 
他们被剥夺了行使最基本的工人权利的资格。

There are many discords in this family.
在这个家庭里有许多争吵。

We can't tolerate failed promises and deception.
我们不能容忍未能兑现的承诺和欺骗。

Due to Russia and Ukraine conflict, Europe is in an acute energy shortage.
由于俄乌冲突，欧洲陷入了严重的能源短缺。

A radical overhaul of the tax system is necessary.
有必要彻底改革税制。

Don't employ flowery but vague expressions, that only obscure one's meaning.
别用花哨、含混的表达，这只会更费解。

When the food supply becomes too low to support the population, a singular migration commences.
当食物供给变得过少不能养活群体时，奇特的迁徙就开始了。

The pillars have to support the weight of the roof.
这些立柱必须支撑起屋顶的重量。

He's very competent in his work.
他非常胜任自己的工作。

Deviation from the norm is not tolerated.
不能容忍离经叛道的行为。

The present regime has been in power for two years.
现政权已经执政两年了。

Hitler is a notorious dictator.
希特勒是一个臭名昭著的独裁者。

The economy remains sluggish.
经济的发展仍然非常缓慢。

A ramp allows easy access for wheelchairs.
坡道便于轮椅进出。

It's all about practice, English is not an alien language.
一切都能靠练习学会，英语又不是外星人语言。

The man raves, he's a raving lunatic.
那个男子说胡话，他是个语无伦次的疯子。

It was an adverse verdict.
这是一个不利的判决。

He's pulled the company back from the brink.
他使公司起死回生。

Membership of the club has dwindled from 70 to 20.
俱乐部会员人数已从70减少到20。

He fumbled the key into the ignition.
他笨拙地把钥匙插进汽车点火开关。

The only plausible explanation is that he forgot, that is the only convincing explanation.
唯一合理的解释就是他忘掉了，这是唯一令人信服的解释。

Under the provisions of the lease, tow-year tenancy, the tenant is responsible for repairs.
按契约规定，两年租期，房客负责房屋维修。

The rule is an interim one but is expected to become permanent next April.
该规定只是临时的，但是预期明年四月份将成为永久性的。

Our picnic was marred by intermittent rains.
我们的野餐被断断续续的降雨给破坏了。

The committee will need time to assimilate this report.
委员会需要时间来吃透这个报告。

I had to admit it sounded like an implausible excuse.
我得承认那听起来像是个难以叫人相信的借口。

He was an imposter, who masqueraded as a doctor.
他是个冒牌医生。

All talks have so far been conducted through an intermediary.
到目前为止所有的谈判都是通过调停人进行的。

The new commemorative stamps will be put on sale next week.
新的纪念邮票将于下星期发售。

Their noises were magnified in the still, wet air.
他们的喧闹声在凝滞而潮湿的空气中显得更吵了。

We have to work day and night to achieve the prospective results.
我们不得不夜以继日得工作以达到预期的效果。

He enjoys a travel subsistence allowance.
他很享受出差津贴。

The deficiency in the system soon became obvious.
这种制度的缺陷不久就显现出来了。

Computers can now do a similar job at a fraction of the cost.
现在，计算机能做以低成本做类似的工作。

Besides the exquisite and flawless design, the language was important.
除了完美精致的设计，语言也十分重要。

He clenched his fist, pulled back his shoulders, and began to stride.
他握紧拳头，拉伸一下肩膀，开始继续前行。

The number is a crucial but elusive concept in English teaching and learning.
数字是英语教学中的一个关键而又难以捉摸的概念。
