He was convicted at a court martial.
他在军事法庭上被判有罪。

He plans to appeal against his conviction.
他不服判决，准备上诉。

You may need to amplify this point.
你可能需要对这一点进一步予以说明。

Today we mourn for all those who died in two world wars.
今天，我们向所有在两次世界大战中死难的人表示哀悼。

It's a complete mess. She groaned.
这简直是一团糟。她叹息道。

The country's economy is now in grave peril.
现在，这个国家的经济陷入了严重危机。

The judge was impeached for taking a bribe.
这个法官被检举接受贿赂。

Her offspring are diligent and intelligent.
她的孩子们既勤奋又聪明。

Successive governments have tried to tackle the problem.
历届政府都试图解决这个问题。

She has won the award for the third year in succession.
这是她连续第三年获得此奖。

The panda's natural habitat is the bamboo forest.
大熊猫的天然栖息地是竹林。

The president proclaimed a state of emergency.
总统宣布了紧急状态。

The work was acclaimed as a masterpiece.
该作品被誉为杰作。

She bent to retrieve her comb from the floor.
她弯腰从地上捡起她的梳子。

The frost made bizarre figures on the window panes.
霜在窗玻璃上形成奇怪的花样。

There are no analogies with any previous legal cases.
以往的法律案件没有哪一宗可与此案类比。

The two situations are roughly analogous.
两种情况大致相似。

The hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests.
这家旅馆可供500位旅客住宿。

Stars twinkled in the sky.
星星在天空中闪烁。

I felt myself blush. Then I sniffed back a tear.
我觉得自己的脸红了。接着我吸吸鼻子，不让眼泪掉下来。

We do not want to escalate the war.
我们不想让战争升级。

The air became colder as we ascended.
随着我们往上攀登，空气就寒冷起来。

At this point the path descends steeply.
小路从这里陡然而下。

There is a gradual descent to the sea.
有一片斜坡缓缓伸延到海边。

Many of them are descendants of the original settlers.
他们中许多人都是早期移民的后裔。

The new president reversed many of the policies of his predecessor.
新任总统彻底改变了其前任的许多政策。

She stood there and surveyed the spectacle.
她站在那儿，看着这壮观的景象。

The landscape is intersected with spectacular gorges.
在大地景色中点缀着壮观的峡谷。

Are whales doomed to extinction?
鲸鱼是否注定要灭绝？

Such opinions pave the way for social change.
这种主张为社会变革铺路。

You must present this ticket when you reclaim your luggage.
当你要取回行李时，必须出示这张票子。

If we bypass the town we'll miss the rush hour traffic.
如果我们绕过市中心，就可避开交通高峰时间的拥挤。

She lingered for a few minutes to talk to Nick.
她多待了几分钟，想跟尼克谈一谈。

The little boy lagged behind his parents.
那小男孩落在了父母的后面。

She won in a sprint finish.
她在最后的冲刺中取得胜利。

Housework is usually miscellaneous and toilsome.
家务劳动通常是繁杂的。

In retrospect, the decision seems extremely odd.
回想起来，这个决定显得极其荒谬。

This is also the key to transcend the cultural differences.
这也是超越文化差异的关键。

Some of his friends are pretty wild and wacky characters.
他的一些朋友是那种放荡不羁又怪里怪气的人。

It is undoubtedly one of the most surreal movies ever made. 
这无疑是有史以来最离奇的电影之一。

They've got a very blinkered view of life.
他们的人生观非常狭隘。

It's a definitive answer.
这是一个最后的答复。

This devastating hurricane passed right through the heart of the city.
破坏性极大的飓风席卷了城市中心地区。

You have no power to inhibit me to do anything.
你没有权利阻止我做任何事。

Most teenage romances are transitory.
绝大多数十几岁少年的恋情都转瞬即逝。

It startled me to find her sitting in my office.
我一进办公室，发现她坐在里面，把我吓了一跳。

She has authentic charm whereas most people simply have nice manners.
她散发出真正的魅力，而大多数人只是举止优雅。

I would offer a caveat for those who want to join me in the dual calling.
为防止发生误解，我想对那些想要步我后尘的人提出警告。

It seemed a very satisfactory arrangement.
这似乎是个非常令人满意的安排。

He is assured of his place in history.
他相信自己一定会在历史上占有一席之地。

I have an ulterior motive in offering to help you.
我主动提出要帮助你是有私心的。

For this point, it could be improved ulteriorly in the later cooperation.
对于这一点，可以在今后的合作过程中进一步完善。

But with the lives of so many people in jeopardy.
但是对于那么多在危险中的生命来说。

The bridge can take four lorries abreast.
这座大桥可容4辆卡车并列通行。

The move was widely seen as an attempt to appease critics of the regime.
普遍认为，这一举措是试图安抚批评政权的人。

Excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders.
酗酒可能引起胃病。

It is shown that the effect of seepage field is pronounced.
结果表明，渗流场的作用是明显的。

The society is still hierarchical.
社会仍是等级制的。

Even the sort of inequality produced by meritocracy can hurt growth.
即使是英才管理所产生的那种不平等现象也会给经济增长带来危害。

Our troops patrolled the border day and night.
我们的部队日夜巡逻边境。

He is an eloquent speaker, people are struck by his simple, spellbinding eloquence.
他是个雄辩的演说家，人们被他那率直、富有鼓动性的口才迷住了。

There are lots more goofy edge cases.
其中存在许多愚蠢的边界情况。

She was just trying to assuage her guilt by playing the devoted mother.
她装出一副慈母的样子只是想要减轻自己的罪恶感。

Turmoil in the Middle East and disaster in Japan arouse economic angst.
中东的骚乱和日本的灾难引发经济上的忧虑。

The bicycle lay upended in a ditch.
自行车翻倒在一条小水沟里。

We urgently need to develop more cost-effective and benign alternatives.
我们迫切需要开发更具成本效益且更加温和的替代品。

We have a pretty cool solution for Cataclysm if we can make it work.
如果我们能让它运作的话，我们在大灾变中有很酷的解决方案。

He gave us a very sketchy account of his visit.
他跟我们非常粗略地讲了他参观的情况。

He'll probably go around bragging to his friends.
他很可能会到处向他的朋友们吹嘘。

She gave him a thump on the back.
她在他背上重重打了一拳。

The program will prompt you to enter data where required.
这个程序在必要时将提醒你输入数据。

The settlement ends more than four years of litigation on behalf of the residents.
这一和解协议结束了代表居民提起的超过四年之久的诉讼。

We were distinctly underwhelmed by the director's speech.
主任的讲话显然令我们感觉索然无味。

John Steed was an arrogant, swaggering young man.
约翰·斯蒂德是一个傲慢狂妄的年轻人。

The chairs were covered in faux animal skin.
椅子外层是人造兽皮。

Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real.
骄傲让我们变得做作，谦卑让我们变得真实。

He was a loyal, distinguished and very competent civil servant.
他是一位敬业、优秀而且非常称职的公务员。

He often drinks himself into oblivion.
他常常喝酒喝得不省人事。

They were all babbling away in a foreign language.
他们都叽里咕噜地说着外语。

There is little or no incentive to adopt such measures.
几乎没有什么激励政策来促使人们采取这些措施。

He had a belligerent aspect.
他有种好斗的神色。

Eva was adamant that she would not come.
伊娃坚决不来。

His family were adamantly opposed to the marriage.
他的家人坚决反对这门亲事。

It was alleged that he had taken bribes while in office.
他被指称在任时收受贿赂。

The water churned beneath the huge ship.
水在巨轮下面剧烈翻滚。

He made a sudden dodge aside.
他迅速闪避到一旁。

His behavior was called provocative and antisocial.
他的行为被认为是煽动性的和反社会的。

The building does not conform with safety regulations.
这座建筑物不符合安全条例。

The point is that they are a perk and a reward.
关键是，它是额外待遇和奖励。

Politics used to be the perquisite of the property-owning classes.
政治曾经是有产阶级的特权。

The label should be firmly affixed to the package.
这张标签应该牢牢地贴在包裹上。

There is very little stigma attached to crime and criminals.
人们几乎都不把犯罪和罪犯视为一种耻辱。

Schools will bear the brunt of cuts in government spending.
政府削减开支，学校将首当其冲受到影响。

In a sane world, the threat could wither and the promise could blood.
在一个精神健全的世界中，威胁可以使之衰弱，而希望将会得到繁胜。

You have to persevere with difficult students.
对难教的学生你必须坚持诲人不倦的精神。

The love and support of his family sustained him during his time in prison.
家人的关爱和支持帮助他度过了狱中的岁月。

Now I want to stress, a translator has to be alert to every nuance.
这里我还想强调，译者必须注意到每一处细微的差别。

The World Health Organization has given a more nuanced response.
世界卫生组织提供了更为微妙的回应。

This condition is more prevalent in women than in men.
这种病症在女性当中比在男性当中更为普遍。