We received a cordial welcome at the university.
我们在那所大学里受到热诚的欢迎。

He is a sociable, personable, amiable, affable, genial guy.
他是个随和的、英俊潇洒、和蔼可亲、平易近人的、和善友好的伙计。

Art may be used as a vehicle for propaganda.
艺术可以用作宣传的工具。

He was always very discreet about his love affairs.
他对两性关系一贯谨小慎微。

It's also what makes contemporary surveillance systems so scary.
它也是现代监控系统如此令人惊惧的原因。

We do not ascribe a superior wisdom to government or the state.
我们并不认为政府或是国家有超凡的智慧。

He continued to tell about his cruel and oppressive life as a slave.
他继续讲述自己作为奴隶所遭遇的残酷压迫的生活。

That seems counterintuitive, which makes it a common mistake.
这是常见的错误，看起来是违反直觉的。

Law is based on the economy, but will be counterproductive to it.
法以经济作为基础，同时会反作用于经济。

Stand back and look objectively at the problem.
退一步，客观地看待这个问题。

We're in dire need of your help.
我们急需你的帮助。

Food supplies were severely depleted.
食物供应已严重不足。

There is no precedent for a disaster of this scale.
这种规模的灾难是空前的。

I was hampered by a lack of information.
我受到了信息不足的牵累。

The government is taking steps to restrain inflation.
政府正在采取措施控制通货膨胀。

In the field of classical music, he still reigns supreme.
在古典音乐领域，他仍然是最为杰出的。

At a conservative estimate, he'll be earning £ 50 000.
按照保守的估计，他会赚到5万英镑。

She claims she has been sexually harassed at work.
她声称在工作中受到性骚扰。

He stalked his victim as she walked home, before attacking and robbing her.
她步行回家时，他偷偷地接近然后下手袭击，并且抢劫了她。

We'll never get justice to indict a sitting president.
我们从来没有控告过在位的总统。

You don't need to justify yourself to me.
你不必向我解释你的理由。

She was nominated to speak on our behalf.
她被指派代表我们发言。

The group is not affiliated to any political party.
该团体不隶属任何政党。

Investments showed a gross profit of 26% and net profit of 15%.
投资的毛利为26%，净利15%。

Can you turn the volume up a little bit?
你能把音量开大点儿吗？

The gains offset the losses.
损益相抵。

The underlying trend of inflation is still upwards.
通货膨胀的潜在趋势仍然是上升的。

She jabbed him in the ribs with her finger.
她用手指捅了捅他的腰。

I've always been a bit leery of authority figures.
我一直对权威人物有一点戒心。

There has been a spate of robberies in the area recently.
最近这一地区接连发生了多起抢劫案。

He made shift to scramble up its sides.
他设法从它边上爬上去。

They had to overcome formidable obstacles.
他们得克服重重障碍。

Science fiction is an existential metaphor.
科幻是一种存在主义的比喻。

The flood cut a wide swath in this area.
洪水席卷了这一地区，满目一片疮痍。

Cocoa is the country's economic mainstay.
可可是这个国家的经济支柱。

She was afraid of provoking her mother's wrath.
她害怕惹母亲大发雷霆。

It's about time we called a halt to all this senseless arguing.
现在正是我们停止一切无谓争论的时候了。

The autumn wind left withered grass and bare trees behind.
草木零落秋风后。

The officers were still reluctant to unleash their troops in pursuit of a defeated enemy.
军官们仍不愿发兵乘胜追击溃败的敌人。

The china was displayed in a glass cabinet.
瓷器陈列在玻璃柜里。

Please use a surveyor or architect to oversee and inspect the different stages of the work.
请一位房产检视员或建筑师来监督并检查不同阶段的工作。

Better be careful of your bookish approach, comrade.
同志，注意你的书生气。

His itinerary is still unclear.
目前仍不清楚他的行程安排。

Can you procure that rare old book?
你能获得那本珍本古书吗？

She spat in his face and went out.
她朝他脸上啐了一口，然后走了出去。

He would eventually become a dutiful spouse.
他最终会成为一位尽责的丈夫。

The revelations gave new fuel to angry opponents of the proposed law.
新披露的情况使反对该法律提案的人更为激愤。

The comparable perfumes would cost far more abroad.
类似的香水在国外价格要高得多。

Both sides affirmed their commitment to the ceasefire.
双方均申明答应停火。

He gave an exclamation of surprise.
他发出一声惊叹。

These children have a huge reserve of latent talent.
这些孩子蕴藏着极大的潜在天赋。

The invention of printing helped the diffusion of learning.
印刷术的发明有助于知识的传播。

If you feel tired, you can rest a while in the kiosk.
如果走累了，还可以在小亭里歇歇。

The inclement weather brought forth a host of diseases.
恶劣的天气引起了种种疾病。

They were very surprised by the prevalence of anti-government sentiments.
他们对普遍存在的反政府情绪感到很吃惊。

In conversation, he was suave and urbane.
谈话时，他温和有礼。

He had to waive his right to vote in Parliament.
他只好放弃在议会的投票权。

In practical terms this law may be difficult to enforce.
从实际的角度来看，这项法律可能难以执行。

He was brought on as substitute after half-time.
他作为替补队员在下半场上场。

She is transcribing, from his dictation, the diaries of Simon Foreman.
她正根据他的口述记录西蒙·福曼的日记。

There were allocated by dictate of the central government.
这些是根据中央政府的命令分配的。

I cracked my head on the low ceiling.
我的头撞上了低矮的天花板。

He made shift to scramble up its sides.
他设法从它边上爬上去。

They appeared at parties in outlandish clothes.
他们穿着奇装异服参加各种聚会。

I felt bloated after the huge meal they'd served.
吃过他们提供的大餐后，我觉得肚子胀得很。

Then I tamp down the soil with the back of a rake.
然后我用耙子的背将土壤拍实。

Most religions posit the existence of life after death.
大多数宗教都假定人死后生命仍存在。

When you finally give in, you're prone to a binge.
当你最终向胃屈服的时候，你就容易开始大吃大喝。

A drinking spree which had led to his court appearance.
导致他上法庭受审的狂饮作乐。

How much leeway should parents give their children?
父母应该给孩子留多少自由的空间？

We took refuge in the lee of the wall.
我们在墙的背风处避难。

There still remained one stark difference between the two men.
这两个人之间仍有一个明显的差别。

She sucked an ice cube into her mouth, and crunched it loudly.
她吸了块冰块到嘴里，嘎嘣嘎嘣地大声嚼着。

At this time the real estate tax reform has been crunch time.
这时候房产税的改革已经刻不容缓。